<meta name="robots" content="noindex, nofollow">
Privacy Policy for Junk Away, LLC
Last Updated: March 4, 2026

1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy describes how Junk Away, LLC ("we," "us," or "our") collects, uses, and protects your information when you visit junkaway.com (the "Site"). Your use of this Site is also governed by the intellectual property rights of Simpkins Strategy Group, LLC, which licenses the platform technology to us.

2. Information We Collect
To provide accurate AI-driven estimates and fulfillment services, we collect the following:

Personal Identifiers: Name, email address, and physical address of the junk removal site.

Mobile Information: Your mobile phone number is required to verify your identity and unlock your AI estimate.

Visual Data: Photos of items you wish to have removed, used exclusively for generating estimates.

3. Use of Information
Your data is used solely to:

Generate instant AI-powered junk removal estimates.

Verify your identity via SMS to prevent platform abuse.

Connect you with a verified, licensed, and insured local hauling partner to complete your requested job.

4. SMS & Mobile Data Protection (Carrier Compliance)
Mobile information will not be shared with third parties or affiliates for marketing or promotional purposes. All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties under any circumstances.

5. Data Sharing & Disclosure
We do not sell or rent your personal information. We only share your job details (address, photos, and estimate) with our verified hauling partners for the specific purpose of fulfilling the service you have requested through the Site.

6. Your Choices & Opt-Out
SMS: You may opt-out of text notifications at any time by replying "STOP" to any message you receive from us.

Help: Reply "HELP" for more information regarding our messaging services.

7. Contact Us
For questions regarding this policy, please contact us through our Verified Support Portal on the Site.
